---
title: Promoting Non-Traditional Backgrounds in Tech
custom_slug: promoting-nontraditional-backgrounds-intech
category: other
listed: true
release_date: 2017-04-17 00:00:00.000000000 Z
cover_photo_path: https://git.makeschool.com/MakeSchool-Tutorials/News/e9ea25349fc225fa6def2ff5f2ed6a3ee39995e6//d3ea85ae-cec3-47b1-beb2-95c3dcd22b2d/cover_photo.jpeg

---
Make School and Lever are extremely proud to introduce today a partnership that aligns both companies towards the same goals — to help empower Make School students with non-traditional backgrounds to have a fair chance at participating and being hired into the tech industry at large. Lever is the latest partner in Make School’s partnership program that relies on companies to provide support to the Product College — a two-year program that equips students with the technical skills to succeed as developers. Make School addresses a fundamental skills gap that Lever sees too often with companies using its hiring platform. It is the recognition of Make School’s intrinsic value to the industry and its commitment to diversity and inclusion initiatives, that have made Lever incredibly committed to providing value and mentorship to Make School students.

Make School and Lever first connected through a Make School alum, Leslie Kim, who began at Lever as an intern and is now a full-time developer. In the 11 months that Leslie has been working at Lever, she has made a tremendous impact — she’s created real value and has become an indispensable member of the Lever engineering team. The cultural values that made Leslie a great fit for Lever are the same ones she nurtured at Make School. Of these shared cultural values, one of the most important is our parallel missions to promote diversity and inclusion in the tech industry. As Make School strives to empower people from all walks of life and of all preferences through education technology, Lever echoes the same values in hiring best practices and strategies. This core ethos drives every aspect of both businesses. Students like Leslie, are success stories that the culmination of our shared values empower.

From the experience Lever had with Leslie and the discovery of our shared missions, the Lever and Make School partnership seemed inevitable; this partnership aims to modernize education and help students leverage the experience and skills of mentors at Lever to navigate their first foray into being hired in tech. Lever has committed to providing behavioral and technical interview training, review of the Make School curriculum, the chance to visit Lever so students can see a tech company at work, and public meetups that introduce tech companies to Make School. The first of these public events will be tomorrow, April 18th, at 6pm. We will be showcasing both our partnership and Lever’s belief that closing the skills gap is a problem that coding schools like Make School can tackle. The event will feature a panel consisting of Make School and other alternative education programs such as Hack Reactor, Dev Bootcamp, and Hackbright Academy as they make a case for hiring from a coding school. We encourage recruiters, VCs, and industry members to register [here](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/making-the-case-for-hiring-from-coding-bootcamps-and-schools-tickets-33097295903) for the event.

With this new and blossoming partnership, Make School and Lever are aiming to change the way companies who hire tech talent think about non-traditional backgrounds. We look forward to sharing these achievements and milestones with you as our partnership continues to grow. And don’t forget to [join us](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/making-the-case-for-hiring-from-coding-bootcamps-and-schools-tickets-33097295903) tomorrow, April 18th, to learn why hiring students from coding schools is important now more than ever!